adds more discription for sub-dir based config (#1830)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/installation/nginx.rst

      }
  }

Nextcloud in a subdir of the nginx webroot
------------------------------------------

The following config should be used when Nextcloud is placed within a subdir of
the webroot of your nginx installation.

> In this example the it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the webroot is located at
```

> ``/var/www`` and it is accessed via ``http(s)://cloud.example.com/nextcloud/``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``/var/www`` and the Nextcloud instance is accessed via ``http(s)://cloud.example.com/nextcloud/``
```
